Hey everyone, so now we're going to go
ahead and talk about the differences and
similarities of Open and SimpleCV.
>> We got there.
>> Yeah, [LAUGH].
>> All right, [LAUGH].
>> First we'll talk
about some similarities.
They're both two, free open source
libraries that we'll be, we can use.
You can use as well.
Since we're going to be working in Python,
these two are perfect, because they both
have their own Python distributions.
SimpleCV is, I believe, only in Python,
while OpenCV's in many other languages.
So, if you didn't want to work in Python,
you could create your own CV application
using OpenCV, and in Java, maybe,
or in C, in C++, whatever you want.
>> Definitely.
I'd suggest actually pausing right now and
maybe taking those links down.
>> Yeah, those are their websites,
and you can get downloads there and-
>> More information.
There's documentation on the classes and
everything else, all the functions
you can use and the libraries.
So let's go ahead and talk about some of
the differences between the libraries.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> So
why would you be choosing SimpleCV and
there's, if you've ever used Python,
you type in Python and come in line and
you have a little interactive shell where
you can test out some functions It
maybe save your script later on.
SimpleCV has the same thing where you
could say, you want to make a quick test,
make sure your camera's working.
So you could say camera.getImage or
something like that.
It's very simple to use, so
that's one reason we chose SimpleCV.
Works great for a demonstration,
works very well, Python,
since it's mainly only written Python.
And it's, like the name implies, is very
simple, so it's a good place to start.
The functions are very obvious.
I don't know, things like that.
>> No, yeah.
>> Obviously,
since SimpleCV actually
is based off of OpenCV,
you could easily replicate what
we're about to do in OpenCV.
>> Yeah, you're going to see.
So it's really that simple.
You activate the library.
>> Yeah.
>> You make sure that
it's inside the same folder as your
script that you're going to create.
>> Yeah.
>> You import the library into your,
>> Yeah, import it.
>> Into your script and
then you start coding in Python.
Right?
And
you can use the functions inside there.
>> And like we mentioned before,
Qualcomm has their own computer vision,
which is called FastCV, made for
the Snapdragon processors.
We decided to go ahead and stick with
these Open Source computer vision ones,
because you could say expand it into maybe
your own computer or something like that.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
All right, cool.
So we're all set on that, are we?
>> Yeah, we're all set and next,
we'll go ahead and begin setting
up the computer vision libraries.
>> Yeah, so
hook in your DragonBoard right now because
it's going to be some
screen casting coming up.
See you then..